docs: Add jsdoc comments for driver functions (#23699)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: test/e2e/webdriver/README.md

>
>Syntax for locating the elements of type input text.
>
>```tsx
>await driver.findElements('input[type="text"]')
>```
></details>
> <details><summary><b>Locate element by link text</b></summary>
><br>
>This type of CSS locator applies only to hyperlink texts with the anchor tags.<br>
>
>![Screenshot displays the contacts screen of MetaMask, highlighting how to locate the ‘Delete contact’ link using its type as Anchor(a).](image/linkTextSelector.png)
>
>Syntax for locating the links
>
>```tsx
>await driver.findElement({ text: 'Delete contact', tag: 'a' });
>```
>>
</details>
</details>
<details><summary><b>Locate element by XPath</b></summary>

>
>To locate an element by XPath,to navigate through elements and attributes in the HTML document.
>
>![Screenshot displays ‘Confirm’ button in the send transaction page](image/xpath.png)
>
>Syntax for locating the button element that contains text ‘Confirm’
>
>```tsx
>await driver.findClickableElement({ text: 'Confirm', tag: 'button' });
>```
>
>Another syntax for locating the div menu element that contains text ‘Settings’
>
>```tsx
>await driver.clickElement({ text: 'Settings', tag: 'div' });
>```
>>

> </details>

Reviewer: In this example, called "Locate element by XPath," you're showing how to locate by Text and Tag (I know under the hood it becomes an XPath)

- Appropriate waiting strategies for elements to appear within a time period or condition is met.
- Management of browser windows, tabs, alerts, and frames with appropriate navigation, switching, and closing capabilities.
- Validation of the application with assertion statements to check expected values and conditions.
- Error-handling mechanisms to capture and log browser console errors, simplifying the identification and troubleshooting of issues encountered during testing.
- Capture of screenshots during automated testing in the event of failures, aiding in debugging and issue pinpointing.

## Locators

In web automation testing, locators are crucial commands that guide the framework to identify and select [HTML elements](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) on a webpage for interaction. They play a vital role in executing various actions such as clicking buttons, fill text, or retrieving data from web pages. Gaining a solid understanding of locators is a key step in initiating web testing automation, as they form the foundation for engaging with web elements.

> ## buildLocator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### buildLocator
```
Heading level

>
> ```jsx
> await driver.wait(async () => {
>   const confirmedTxes = await driver.findElements(
>     '.transaction-list__completed-transactions .transaction-list-item',
>   );
>   return confirmedTxes.length === 1;
> }, 10000);
> ```
>
> **Example wait until a mock condition occurs**
>
> ```jsx
> await driver.wait(async () => {
>   const isPending = await mockedEndpoint.isPending();
>   return isPending === false;
> }, 3000);
> ```
>
</details>
<details><summary><b>waitForSelector</b></summary>

> **`waitForSelector`** function allows for flexible handling of element visibility and detachment from the DOM, making it useful for ensuring that web interactions occur only when the page is in the desired state. This function can be used in scenarios where you need to wait for an element to appear or disappear before performing further actions, such as:
>
> - Ensuring a modal dialog is visible before attempting to close it.
> - Verifying that an item has been removed from the page after a delete action.
>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L236)
>

> > **Arguments**

Reviewer 2: Style

- Appropriate waiting strategies for elements to appear within a time period or condition is met.
- Management of browser windows, tabs, alerts, and frames with appropriate navigation, switching, and closing capabilities.
- Validation of the application with assertion statements to check expected values and conditions.
- Error-handling mechanisms to capture and log browser console errors, simplifying the identification and troubleshooting of issues encountered during testing.
- Capture of screenshots during automated testing in the event of failures, aiding in debugging and issue pinpointing.

## Locators

In web automation testing, locators are crucial commands that guide the framework to identify and select [HTML elements](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) on a webpage for interaction. They play a vital role in executing various actions such as clicking buttons, fill text, or retrieving data from web pages. Gaining a solid understanding of locators is a key step in initiating web testing automation, as they form the foundation for engaging with web elements.

## buildLocator

> **`buildLocator`** function enhances element matching capabilities by introducing support for inline locators, offering an alternative to the traditional use of Selenium's By abstraction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`buildLocator`** function enhances element-matching capabilities by introducing support for inline locators, offering an alternative to the traditional use of Selenium's `By` abstraction.
```

[source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/1f2bfb388695034db8859877ed21b4b045514f9f/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L190)

> **Arguments**<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Arguments**
```
There's a fair amount of `<br>`s here - are they necessary in this markdown section?

>
> ```tsx
> await driver.clickElement({
>   text: 'Next',
>   tag: 'button',
>   css: '[data-testid="page-container-footer-next"]',
> });
> ```

<br>
</details>
</details>

<details><summary><b>**** Note - locators ****</b></summary>

> Our team utilizes a custom locator identification syntax consisting of Element Type, Identifier Type, and Identifier Value for efficient finding. Adherence to this syntax is crucial for maintaining consistency and streamlining our workflow.
>
> Selenium syntax for locator declaration
>
> ```jsx
> const passwordBox = await findElement(driver, By.css('#password'));
> await passwordBox.sendKeys('password123');
> ```
>
> Our framework syntax
>
> ```tsx
> await driver.fill('#password', 'password123');
> ```

</details>

## Elements

Finding web elements is a fundamental task in web automation and testing, allowing scripts to interact with various components of a web page, such as input fields, buttons, links, and more. One of the element identification functions listed below combines with the use [locators](#locators) to uniquely identify an element on the page.

<details><summary><b>findElement</b></summary>
<br>

> > **`findElement`** function is called on the driver instance, it returns a reference to the first element in the DOM that matches with the provided locator. This value can be stored and used for future element actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **`findElement`** returns a reference to the first element in the DOM thatthe provided locator matches. 
```

TBH I am not sure what `This value can be stored and used for future element actions.` is supposed to mean - if it's worth keeping, maybe elaborate with an example?

>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L361)
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {string | object} rawLocator - Element locator
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @return `{Promise<WebElement>}` A promise that resolves to the WebElement.
>
> **Example for f**indClickableElement
>
> ```jsx
> await driver.findClickableElement('#depositButton');
> ```
>
> >

</details>
<details><summary><b>findClickableElements</b></summary>
<br>

> **`findClickableElements`** function is used to track (or) find DOM elements which are clickable
>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L379)
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {string | object} rawLocator - Element locator
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @return `{Promise<WebElement>}` A promise that resolves to the WebElement.
>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> const domains = await driver.findClickableElements(
>   '.connected-sites-list__subject-name',
> );
> assert.equal(domains.length, 1);
> ```
>
> >

</details>

## Interactions

> When we talk about interacting with web elements, we mean simulating the actions a user might take on a webpage. This includes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this context, interacting with web elements implies simulating actions a user might take on a webpage. This includes:
```

> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> const ENTER = '\uE007',
> await driver.press('#password', ENTER);
> ```
>
> Other key actions
>
> ```
> this.Key = {
>      BACK_SPACE: '\uE003',
>      ENTER: '\uE007',
>      SPACE: '\uE00D',
>      CONTROL: '\uE009',
>      COMMAND: '\uE03D',
>      MODIFIER: process.platform === 'darwin' ? Key.COMMAND : Key.CONTROL,
>    };
> ```
>
> >

</details>
<details><summary><b>getText</b></summary>
<br>

> **`getText`** function in Selenium is used to retrieve the visible text of a web element.
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {string | object} rawLocator - Element locator
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @returns {text} String
>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> const pageTitle = await driver.findElement('.unlock-page__title');
> assert.equal(await pageTitle.getText(), 'Welcome back!');
> ```
>
> >

</details>

## Waits

Selenium provides several mechanisms for managing waits, crucial for handling the asynchronous nature of web applications where elements may load at different times. These waits help avoid errors in test scripts that occur when trying to interact with elements that are not yet available on the web page

> ## When do we need to wait?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### When do we need to wait?
```

> @returns {Promise} promise resolving when the count of elements is matched.
>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> const expectedTokenListElementsAreFound = await driver.elementCountBecomesN(
>   '.multichain-token-list-item',
>   4,
> );
> ```

</details>
<a id="waitX"></a>
<details><summary><b>waitUntilXWindowHandles</b></summary>
<br>

> **`waitUntilXWindowHandles`** function waits until the specified number of window handles are present.
>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L574)
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {number} x - The number of window handles to wait for<br>
> @param {number} [timeout=5000] - The amount of time in milliseconds to wait before timing out<br>
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @returns `{Promise<void>}` promise resolving when the target window handle count is met<br>
> @throws {Error} - throws an error if the target number of window handles isn't met by the timeout
>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> windowHandles = await driver.waitUntilXWindowHandles(1, 1000, 10000);
> ```

</details>

#### [assertElementNotPresent](#assertElemntNotPresent-click-here)

### \***\* NOTE - Delay \*\***

> **`delay`** function is hard-coded wait may be longer than needed, resulting in slower test execution. Please avoid using this function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** The `delay`** function is a hard-coded wait that may be longer than needed, resulting in slower test execution. Please avoid using this function.
```

>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> await driver.holdMouseDownOnElement(
>   {
>     text: tEn('holdToRevealPrivateKey'),
>     tag: 'span',
>   },
>   2000,
> );
> ```
>
> >

</details>

<details><summary><b>clickPoint</b></summary>
<br>

> **`clickPoint`** function is designed to click on a specific point, determined by the x and y coordinates
>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L450)
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {string | object} rawLocator - Element locator<br>
> @param {number} x - x coordinate to click at<br>
> @param {number} y - y coordinate to click at<br>
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @returns `{Promise<void>}` - promise resolving after a click
>
> >

</details>

## Navigation

Navigation refers to the process of moving through web pages within a browser session. This involves tasks such as:

- **Going to a URL**: This is the starting point of navigation, where you direct the browser to load a specific web page by providing its URL.
- **Refreshing the Page**: Refreshes the current page to update content or re-execute certain actions.

> - **Handling Redirects**: Web pages might redirect to different URLs automatically. Automation scripts needs to handle these redirects gracefully, ensuring they can continue to interact with the correct page elements after the redirect.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Handling Redirects**: Web pages might redirect to different URLs automatically. Automation scripts need to handle these redirects gracefully, ensuring they can continue to interact with the correct page elements after the redirect.
```

- **Switching to a Frame**: To interact with elements inside a frame, the automation script must first switch its context to that frame.
- **Default Content**: After interacting with a frame, the script often needs to switch back to the main page or another frame, commonly referred to as switching back to the default content.

<details><summary><b>switchToFrame</b></summary>
<br>

> **`switchToFrame`** is function to switch the WebDriver's context to a specified iframe or frame within a web page.
>
> [source](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/671c9975424a83904a4752dfb8a7cf728ae67355/test/e2e/webdriver/driver.js#L566)
>
> **Arguments**<br>
> @param {string | object} rawLocator - Element locator
>
> **Returns**<br>
> @returns `{Promise<void>}` promise that resolves once the switch is complete
>
> **Example**
>
> ```jsx
> const iframe = await driver.findElement('iframe');
> await driver.switchToFrame(iframe);
> ```

</details>

## Assertions

Assertion is a statement that checks if a specified condition is true. If the condition is true, the program continues to execute. If the condition is false, throws an error or fails.

> # When do we need Assertions?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### When do we need Assertions?
```

They are used to verify that the application under test behaves as expected under various conditions. Common assertions include:

- Checking if a variable has the expected value.
- Verifying that an object is not null.
- Ensuring that a web element is visible, contains specific text, or is enabled/disabled.
- Verify that a certain condition holds at a specific point in the program or test case.

> # key points to remember

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Key points to remember
```
